# reproduction-of-energy-based-model

What are the contributions of this paper?
In this manuscript, the authors propose a self-supervised dehazing framework, which only requires clear image as input without any extra manual label. The framework consists of a hazy image generator and a deep dehazing network. They compare the synthetic hazy images generated by the proposed hazy image generator with benchmark hazy images, achieving good improvement quantitatively and qualitatively. Furthermore, by comparing with SOTA dehazing methods, they argue that the proposed framework shows advantage in image dehazing.

In this manuscript, the authors have made it clear that the contribution is an effective dehazing framework, which requires no paired clear-hazy images as training data and can improve existing dehazing methods by seamlessly plugged into.

What are some ways in which the paper could be improved? Please supply any additional important references that you feel the author omitted which should be noted in the paper.
The manuscript is well organized with enough paragraphs and promising results. From my point of the view, the manuscript needs reviewed again after following comments being further considered:

1.	There are some problems in the grammar and expression of the article, which need to be revised. For example, in section 7, the description of the redefined transmission function mentioned that k and m are coefficient of haze density and haze shape respectively, which is contradictory to the description of Fig 9. It is suggested to supplement, instead of forcing the reader to check.
2.	The core contribution of the manuscript, the redefined transmission function, comes from nowhere. Please add the theoretical derivation of the redefined transmission function.
3.	In Fig 4, authors argue that hazy images generated from rotated transmission maps can be photo-realistic as that from raw transmission maps. It is not a convincing conclusion from my point of view because the synthetic haze in Fig 4 can not qualify as photo-realistic. Please provide further explanations.
4.	The tables and pictures in this paper are recommended to be self-contained. 
5.	Although reconstruction loss and adversarial loss are commonly used losses, how exactly the end-to-end framework is trained with these losses is missing, which is confusing. Please add the details of calculating mentioned losses and how they benefit training.
6.	Although the proposed method achieve improvement in both image dehazing and hazy image generation, it is not clear why the proposed framework is better than existing work. Please clarify the reason behind that with further analysis.
7.	It would be more convincing and interpretable if visualization of latent space can be provided.
8.	The proposed hazy image generator based of redefined transmission maps can be regarded as an augmentation method which finally benefits the downstream dehazing task. However, it is not clear that if traditional augmentation (e.g. flipping, shifting, rotation) can achieve same performance and what is the difference. It would be more convincing that the proposed augmentation has greater strength than traditional augmentation method in image dehazing if further comparison is conducted.


Confidential Comments to the Editor
Dear editor, 
The manuscript needs to be reviewed again from my point of the view. The idea of utilizing customized transmission maps as augmentation to benefit downstream dehazing task is incremental. Besides, the proposed framework requires only clear images to train deep dehazing network, which is more convenient. Also, the results of quantitative and qualitative comparisons are promising and adequate. However, the critical theoretical derivation of the redefined transmission function are missing and the expression can be further improved.
Happy Chinese Lunar New Year!

Comments to the Author
Dear authors,
The manuscript is well organized with enough paragraphs and the results seem promising. However, the critical theoretical derivation of the redefined transmission function are missing and the expression can be further improved.
